# External Functions
Documentation of the pseudocode and placeholders used in my program. For functions, noting their names, signatures, occurrences, and the functions they represent. For events, noting what action or change they represent, and an idea of how they would be detected and generated.


## Control Functions
### FansOff
<b>Signature:</b> none -> none

<b>Occurrences:</b> in StateSilentHandler, StateNoCoverHandler

Represents disabling the device's fans.

### FansOn
<b>Signature:</b> none -> none

<b>Occurrences:</b> in StateNormalHandler, StateOverTempHandler

Represents enabling and powering the device's fans.

### SetOutput
<b>Signature:</b> int val -> none

<b>Occurrences:</b> in StateNormalHandler, StateSilentHandler, StateNoCoverHandler, StateOverTempHandler

Represents adjusting the device's output. The parameter val is imagined as a value 0-100, corresponding to the input read in GetUserInput.

### MainBoardInit
<b>Signature:</b> none -> none

<b>Occurrences:</b> in StateInitMainHandler

Represents initializing the main logic board. Assume that an error in initialization causes an interrupt or event.


### OutputsInit
<b>Signature:</b> none -> none

<b>Occurrences:</b> in StateInitHandler

Represents initializing the device's sensors, inputs, and outputs after the main logic board has booted.

## Input Functions
### GetUserInput
<b>Signature:</b> none -> int

<b>Occurrences:</b> in StateNormalHandler

Represents reading a value from the user. Imagined as reading a value a dial input or consuming data from a message bus.

### GetEvent
<b>Signature:</b> none -> DeviceEvent

<b>Occurrences:</b> in main

Represents a unified function that waits for an event to happen on the device, and returns that event's identifier. A heavy-lifting pseudocode function, which through unspecified means watches for all of the following events, collects all occurrences in a queue, and returns events one at a time in the order that they occurred.

## Events
### EVENT_POR_DONE
Signal after successful power-on or reset. Generated by the bootloader.

### EVENT_BOARD_BOOT_RETRY
Signal to retry booting the board after failure. Generated by the bootloader.

### EVENT_BOARD_BOOT_FAIL
Signal after the board has failed to boot. Generated by the initializing function or bootloader.

### EVENT_BOARD_BOOT_SUCCESS
Signal after the board has successfully booted. Generated by the initializing function or bootloader.

### EVENT_BOOT_SUCCESS
Signal after the inputs and outputs are successfully booted. Generated by the output initializing function.

### EVENT_SILENT_BUTTON
Signal that the button toggling between silent and normal modes was pressed. Generated by an interrupt.

### EVENT_TEMPERATURE_HIGH
Signal that the temperature is over a threshold (overheating). Might be possible through an interrupt handler; more likely as a lightweight process that polls the temperature sensor and generates an event that my program will recognize reflecting the current temp.

### EVENT_TEMPERATURE_NORMAL
Signal that the temperature is under a threshold (normal). Same generation method as EVENT_TEMPERATURE_HIGH.

### EVENT_COVER_OFF
Signal that the cover was removed. Generated by an interrupt.

### EVENT_COVER_ON
Signal that the cover was replaced. Generated by an interrupt.

### EVENT_USER_INPUT
Signal that the user gave input to the device. Generation depends on the form of input: interrupt if it's a hardware control, or something programmatic if it's received via a bus, bluetooth, etc.